For the Viewer

The Following is a tutorial for educational purposes.
Remember, information first, music and frags later.

I did not come up with any of this, I am just relaying it the way I think I should.

It contains a lot of old footage, but keep in mind the point of this video.

I highly recommend watching in HD. Adjust your volume and enjoy!

Hey there...
So I'm here to talk to you about stabbing; knife work. It's fancy and everything, but it's mostly a public server thing to do, on unaware players. You'd usually get into a bad situation with a wary player and not be able to do the same thing. But really, I've found that all of this, is just because stabbing stopped developing at one point. Making a lot of old techniques seem silly nowadays, and a lot of spies have tossed aside stabbing altogether. But back then, I found this one spy. Watching his videos at the time was just something amazing. I saw him getting himself into one of the sitatuations. But he managed to pull through, with something I couldn't understand. I asked him what it was, and he told me "Circle Strafe Stab."

That was a long time ago. Nowadays, a lot of people know about it, and have been doing it themselves. But there are a lot of things I haven't seen out there. Things that would solve all of our problems, and things that people just don't know. So I put together this entire series of tutorials, to get it out there. It's everything I know. 

Well, now before learning how to do circlestrafing, we first need to understand why we actually need it. I mean, we already have this perfectly good, ground level technique at our disposal. Why would we need another? As it turns out, there are some special reasons for it. When you go for a matador, and the guy follows you with W, he follows you this way, and he gets stabbed, thats what pretty much happens in a nutshell. Now, when someone is strafe running at you, he's holding W and a strafe key, it makes him cut the turn, to get to the same place that he would get to with W, just a little faster. But what it also means is that, once you strafe back, he's too far away from you to actually stab. Now in addition to all of this, there's him aiming at you, and since a strafe key has been added to this whole aiming equation, it means they have to move their mouse less then if they were using purely the mouse to aim. Now, this is hardly strafe aiming, and we'll get to that later, but what this means, is that even if you run at them and get close enough, they don't turn enough at the right timing to get stabbed, to get matadored. Now, it can look to the both of you like the stab should've worked, but in reality, it was just out of reach. The other player doesn't even really have to think about it, just by the fact that he's strafing at you, you can't normally matador them. It still somewhat works on players who are inconsistent with their strafes or who have poor strafes, which is why matadors can still work, but mostly in pubs and not even that much. But in addition to all of that, I've found that circlestrafing does work on these exact players. I didn't know what it was, but, it just seems like, when you usually go for a matador and fail, you'd go for a circlestrafing and win. It can get really really close, but you still won't get the matador, which is why I've come to these conclusions. Against a player who has a consistent and good strafe, no matter how much you try, you won't be able to stab him by leading him into a matador. But I've found that these exact flaws that this stab has, are the exact gains of the other. This is my solution. But it's not that simple, it's not just a technique to replace matadors. By experimenting, I've found that there's a lot more behind all this. So let's get started.
